I'm not a mere sight. I'm a bamboo-fist.
You can't blame me for that.
I know the truth.
When I was about to be held by the morning sun,
I was destroyed for the sake of the truth.
I'm a joker because I know the skill of a bamboo-fist.
You may know this from your experience.
When you're holding a bamboo-fist with one hand or the other,
you should take a step back and apologize.
If you don't look down on your opponent, you can't hold a bamboo-fist with one hand.
I know this is a difficult situation for you.
If you don't bring me to the hunting or hunting,
I can't beat you.
But if you abandon your body, you can't do anything.
I'll kill you instead of dying.
Where is the real meaning of the battle?
Cut off the flesh of the other person.
Cut off your flesh and take the other person's life.
You'll be in hell if you don't do it.
What is your intention?
You're fighting with Jiro of Shimizu.
I'll die if I don't do it.
Your answer was simple.
Jiro lived to die.
If he wanted to save himself, he would have been cut off.
You'll die if you don't do it.
But you'll be killed by the bamboo-fist of the other person.
When I cut off the flesh of the other person,
I was shot by the bamboo-fist of the other person.
I was thrown away.
If you want to kill me,
you can kill me.
I was thrown away.